have you ever been so desperate for love
that you would risk it all just for a
shot at happiness
yes
yes well that's exactly what david does
in a dystopian future where single
people are forced to go through a 45-day
journey to find love if you don't well
you turn into the animal of your choice
so what's your favorite animal while i
may give you my opinion on the film here
that's no substitute for experiencing it
yourself links to the movie are in the
description as well for a film that
doesn't give you much context to start
with
there sure is a long scene of a random
woman driving without any hint of what
she's doing and she's just shot a donkey
jumped to the title screen and now we
come to a familiar face just sitting on
his couch staring at his dog
interestingly enough colin farrell
gained 40 pounds just for this role
he decided that his brown leather shoes
were the best pair to wear and i'm sorry
is rachel weiss narrating the journey
from the couch to the bus like this is
the most epic film to date
well it's rachel wise so this narration
is now my new favorite part of the movie
david sits at a desk and answers a
rather peculiar questionnaire
however i had one homosexual experience
in the past in college
is there a bisexual option available i'm
afraid you have to decide right now if
you want to be registered as a
homosexual or heterosexual
i think i should be registered as a
heterosexual
it turns out that when he is asked about
the dog he brings with him he says that
it's actually his brother makes it a
little concerning that he has literally
dragged this dog through every bit of
his journey who would want to go to be
tethered to their brother while
stripping down speaking of it literally
jumps over to a shot of david and his
dog brother standing in his underwear in
a damp room this poor brother his first
day was one he'd never forget
rachel wise continues narrating david's
experience walking around the room a
dreary ambiance is set as the monotony
of his wardrobe makes you wonder if the
future is better or worse outside of his
window there's a line of bodies on the
street with people standing over them
with tranquilizer guns they're the
loners that try to run at the end of
their program this movie has quickly
turned into a horror movie for any
perpetual loners out there while david
takes a nap the hotel manager and three
others simply barge into his room she's
the one that explains that he'll turn
into his animal of choice if he fails to
find a compatible partner by the end of
his stay she says he must choose someone
who has also chosen a compatible animal
all of a sudden the ideas of these
different species mingling floods the
mind not very enjoyable or maybe it is i
can't even tell anymore but go figure
that david the interesting being that he
is chooses a lobster a lobster what are
the chances that some other random woman
got brought to this hotel and just said
i want to be a crustacean
next we meet robert and john and the
three take a stroll to discuss the
interesting qualities that make them
unique these three are actually the only
named characters in the entire movie
while this film may be built on an
interesting idea i have to admit that
i'm honestly breezing through this film
with about as much gusto as the hotel
manager does during the dinner show
any little development feels like a
monumental moment which definitely
emphasizes how awesome our main
character is still rooting for him david
finally takes a leap and asks one of the
younger girls to a dance where she gets
a nosebleed so i'm gonna call her
nosebleed girl since we don't find out
her actual name she proceeds to give
david a detailed list of ways to remove
blood from clothing if that's not a red
flag for a serial killer then i don't
know what is the next day all of the
single residents are given tranquilizer
guns and set out into the forest
[Music]
a slow montage of them shooting and
hunting down loner runners shows you how
the people came to be lined up in the
beginning of the film as they're hunting
the people you see animals run away from
them as well are these real animals are
these loners that ran out of time are
there any real animals left in the area
it turns out that the more bodies you
bring back from the forest the more days
they add onto your time at the hotel
david has not been able to bring any
bodies in and he seems to be a little
hesitant towards the whole process the
whole next day a series of sexual rules
and experiments are shown robert is
caught pleasuring himself at some point
and as a punishment they stick his hand
in a toaster while he's trying to eat
his breakfast if that isn't a proper way
to curb temptation then i don't know
what is after what seems like a
depressing string of comments on how
life will be after they're left as
single animals one of the most epic
brawls you'll ever see in your life
ensues for only having one good hand
left robert held his own quite well if
you ask me later jon and nosebleed girl
give each other fun facts about
different strokes and swimming again
this has gotta be one of the most
exhilarating encounters throughout the
whole movie i'm kidding of course but
somehow this style is just working for
the film at least we know that romance
isn't dead in the dreary future anyways
later that night jon visits david and we
find out that jon is faking his
nosebleeds so that he has a connection
with nosebleed girl honestly if i had to
fake a nosebleed to keep from being
turned into a lonely animal for the rest
of my life i'd bang my head on every
table i ever saw as the days start to
run out for the single people drastic
measures are taken nosebleeds girl's
best friend runs out of time and is
turned into a miniature pony another
woman decides it will be better to be
dead instead of turning into an animal
she jumps from her room window but it
doesn't kill her as she lies there
screaming
david takes this time to force a
conversation with a potential partner mr
smooth operator over here is obviously
running out of time so i'd make a last
attempt to fake love too over the
screams of a woman that just jumped out
of her window and not so much then but
anything is better than being turned
into a lobster this same woman later
pretends to choke on an olive to see if
david will save her as he lets her
pretend to die she comes to and they
decide that they're a good match that's
lucky for him seeing how he was almost
out of time too once they graduate to
the couple's portion of their stay he
runs into his friend john while the two
couples meet we find out that jon and
nosebleed girl have been assigned a
daughter how does david react david has
to show his heartfulness matches his new
partner the absolute last thing i
expected to see in this movie is colin
farrell kicking a little girl in her
shin the sound of the thump literally
made me spit my drink laughing the next
morning david's companion is standing
over him as he wakes up and she tells
him that she has killed his brother as
david gives her no reaction he tried to
sink away to the bathroom where he sees
the dog lying on the floor of course
this is just another test what's the
animal no one wants to be i already
thought he picked that what's worse than
a lobster well we may never know because
david sucker punches her in the gut
seriously if i'd known that this was a
film about colin farrell sucker-punching
and shin kicking people i would have had
different expectations for this movie
now i'm pleasantly surprised after he
runs away from her a chase ensues that
ends with him tranquilizing her he
seriously picked the wrong person to get
mad she literally feels like the amish
terminator was set loose on him look at
her she almost refused to go down with
the help of the housekeeper he takes his
partner to the room where they turn
people into animals and he turns her
into an animal why is the housekeeper
helping him i don't know what animal did
he turn her into i have no clue i'd
imagine a lobster if he wanted to punish
her i'm figuring out it's best not to
ask questions until later david makes
his way to the forest and he keeps
running until he decides to take a nap
then he wakes up and he's being walked
towards other loners he finds out that
there's a whole group of loners and now
he is one of them enter rachel weiss the
woman who has been narrating throughout
is finally here and it turns out it's
against the lona rules for them to flirt
david just can't win in either world now
robert stumbles upon david while he's
out hunting for loners with his
tranquilizer i laughed here too because
the intensity of the music mixed with
john c reilly's face who wouldn't laugh
david tries to explain his side of
things for what happened with his
partner that killed his brother this
keeps him talking long enough for rachel
wise to come sneaking up behind robert
and shiv him behind his knee you just
feel bad for robert at this point now
david rachel and two others are dressed
in business satire and walking
throughout the city as though nothing
has happened as they shop for supplies
for the camp david witnesses the police
questioning a random civilian about
whether she's a loner it was nice to see
a bit of the real world in this
seemingly isolated world after their
trip to the city david realizes that he
has a lot in common with rachel's
character while flirting is prohibited
the two continue with friendly
conversation that helps connect the two
the loners set out to the hotel to
infiltrate specific people in their
rooms david takes jon and nosebleed girl
what is he gonna kick their daughter in
the shin again when he confronts the
couple he tells jon's partner that he's
been lying about the nosebleeds the
whole time he explains that the two of
them really aren't compatible and who's
listening this whole time oh yeah the
same daughter who probably has a
permanent limp now and what does she do
she didn't forget about him and she's
out for blood as this is going on rachel
and the two people who run the loner
camp break into the manager's bedroom
and put her husband to the test they
give him a gun and tell him to shoot the
manager if he could live without her
obviously without hesitation he pulls
the trigger only to find out that it's
empty why did they risk everything to
prove a point again i just shouldn't ask
about this film as a celebration
everyone listens to their cd walkman and
vibes to techno music obviously this is
my kind of party for sure as a way to
see if he and rachel are a true match
david performs a synchronization
exercise that allows them to dance
together and eventually kiss clearly
against the rules so we all know where
this is headed also the song that they
use here is where the wild roses grow by
nick cave and the bad seeds featuring
kylie minogue the two of them become so
close and infatuated with each other
that they end up losing their restraint
in front of the leaders there's no way
they didn't realize what they were doing
there's only so many people that they
can't do that in front of and they just
went ahead and did it in front of the
two they shouldn't the two of them
decide to make a break for the city
during the hunt the following day soon
after we realized that the narration has
been read to us from rachel's journal
this whole time once the leader finds it
she makes david dig his own grave this
leader woman is slowly becoming the best
subtle villain i've seen in a while the
leader of the pack takes rachel to a
doctor to get eye surgery done so she'll
no longer be short-sighted she instead
makes it so that she's blind completely
the big reveal for the twist is
literally just two words too could this
film be any drier in its presentation
you can't say at all
after a touching conversation where she
tells david the truth about her eyes
they go through some trial and error for
things they have in common and he tries
to help her get some of her senses well
enough to survive he tries to kiss her
but she denies him now to follow the
rules it's a little late to follow the
rules you're literally already blind but
david being the smooth operator he is
comes up with a plan david leaves the
tribe leader in the grave she makes him
dig and he and rachel stumble out of the
forest while the two of them are sitting
at a diner david takes a steak knife
into the bathroom and plans to make
himself blind just like rachel's
character watching david hold a steak
knife to his eye for that long set
anxiety all through my body just do it
already but then again what would this
society do with two blind runaways no
don't do it and just like i've said
throughout don't ask questions
considering i just watched a film about
a world where single people are turned
into animals if they're single for too
long i've got more questions now than
when we started but somehow i enjoyed
that immensely i hope you enjoyed the
video and by all means watch the film
for yourself there's something there for
everyone if you did like it leave a like
on the video and suggest what i should
watch next subscribe if you want to see
more videos like this one and i'll see
you in the next video